docs/configuration/basics.md, before:

# Basics

The following custom syntax is defined to make it easier for you to write your configuration:

```nog
set <key> <value>;
enable <key>;
disable <key>;
```

Any key that expects a `Boolean` can be used with the `enable` and `disable` keywords.

In the following table you can see all of the valid keys, what they do and how to use them.

| Key               | Value   | Description                                                                   |
|-------------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| min_height        | Number  | The minimum height a window has to have so that it gets managed automatically |
| min_width         | Number  | The minimum width a window has to have so that it gets managed automatically  |
| inner_gap         | Number  | The gap between each tile                                                     |
| outer_gap         | Number  | The margin between workspace and the display                                  |
| launch_on_startup | Boolean | Start when you start your computer                                            |
| multi_monitor     | Boolean | Use all monitors                                                              |
| work_mode         | Boolean | Start in [work mode](getting_started/terminology?id=work-mode)                |
| use_border        | Boolean | Force managed windows to draw a border. (This can help clarity)               |
| light_theme       | Boolean | Changes how the bar colors get generated to fit light colors                  |
| display_app_bar   | Boolean | Enable the bar                                                                |
| remove_title_bar  | Boolean | Remove the titlebar of managed windows                                        |
| remove_task_bar   | Boolean | Remove the taskbar while the program is running                               |

Commit message:

Added ignore_fullscreen_actions config for tile grid

docs/configuration/basics.md, after:

# Basics

The following custom syntax is defined to make it easier for you to write your configuration:

```nog
set <key> <value>;
enable <key>;
disable <key>;
```

Any key that expects a `Boolean` can be used with the `enable` and `disable` keywords.

In the following table you can see all of the valid keys, what they do and how to use them.

| Key                       | Value   | Description                                                                   |
|---------------------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| min_height                | Number  | The minimum height a window has to have so that it gets managed automatically |
| min_width                 | Number  | The minimum width a window has to have so that it gets managed automatically  |
| inner_gap                 | Number  | The gap between each tile                                                     |
| outer_gap                 | Number  | The margin between workspace and the display                                  |
| launch_on_startup         | Boolean | Start when you start your computer                                            |
| multi_monitor             | Boolean | Use all monitors                                                              |
| work_mode                 | Boolean | Start in [work mode](getting_started/terminology?id=work-mode)                |
| use_border                | Boolean | Force managed windows to draw a border. (This can help clarity)               |
| light_theme               | Boolean | Changes how the bar colors get generated to fit light colors                  |
| display_app_bar           | Boolean | Enable the bar                                                                |
| remove_title_bar          | Boolean | Remove the titlebar of managed windows                                        |
| remove_task_bar           | Boolean | Remove the taskbar while the program is running                               |
| ignore_fullscreen_actions | Boolean | Ignore grid-modifying keybindings (swap, focus, move, etc) while fullscreened |
